Here is a more detailed description of the client: 
 
1. Start the client with two required command line arguments (in this order): 
   o Required arguments are:   
      IP address of the server  
      port of the server process (use one of the ports assigned to you - see below) 
   o Print an error and exit if the necessary command line arguments are not provided, or they are not valid   
     e.g., giving "foo" for the port number would be invalid, since it is clearly not a number  
     Do not spend effort writing complicated code to check if numbers and IP addresses are valid - 
     there are functions available that will produce errors if given invalid data (number of IP addresses), 
     so all you need to do is handle the errors returned from those functions. 
2. Connect to the server. Exit with an appropriate error message if a connection could not be established. 
3. Ask the user for their name. 
4. Send the name to the server. 
5. Ask the user for a guess. 
6. You may check the user input for validity if you want - but you still need to check it on the server as well, 
   even if you check it here, though! If the guess is invalid, print an error message and go back to step 5. 
7. Send the guess to the server. 
8. Receive the guess response from the server.
9. If the guess was incorrect, print the number of guesses to the screen and go back to step 5. 
   If the guess was a correct letter guess, the client should print the number of guesses and display all letters the 
   player has correctly guessed so far with some character (e.g., - or _ ) to indicate spaces where the letter has not 
   yet been guessed correctly. (For example, if the word is "HELLO" and the player has previously guessed 'H', 'A', and 
   just guessed 'L', then you would print H_LL_ ) 
 
Note: The remaining steps are only carried out if the guess was successful. 
10. If the player made a correct guess and it was the last letter needed, print the complete word and number of guesses taken to the screen. 
11. Receive leader board information from the server. 
12. Print leader board information to the screen. 
13. Close the connection with the server.   
